notes.md, before:

# Tasks

The following is the functionality that I need to add to VS Code to bring it to parity with IntelliJ

- [X] Key combination to open a new line below the line that I'm in the middle of. In IntelliJ that is possible by pressing enter while holding down shift while in the middle of a line
- [ ] Change default split to horizontal
- [X] Split editor with CMD+SHIFT+S
- [X] Move line shortcut. On IntelliJ that's OPTION+SHIFT+Arrow keys
- [X] Delete line shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CMD+D
- [X] Duplicate line shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+D
- [X] Split editor shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+S
- [X] Change default tab size to 4
- [X] Open recent project. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+P. I made it CTRL+P in Code
- [X] Open file. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+O. I made it CTRL+O in Code
- [ ] Search jump feature, like Ace Jump on IntelliJ
- [ ] Remove open editors tree from Explorer
- [ ] Get Emmet to work

# Migration blockers

The following are the issues that are stopping me from migrating from IntelliJ to Code

- [ ] Semantic syntax highlighting as described in issue 
[#585](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/585)

Commit message:

Update notes, keybindings, settings, and theme. Scaffold `find-jump`.

notes.md, after:

# Tasks

The following is the functionality that I need to add to VS Code to bring it to parity with IntelliJ

- [ ] Save all files. On IntelliJ, CMD+S did that
- [ ] Delete all white space ahead keyboard shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CTRL+Backspace
- [ ] Change matching bracket highlighting to just be a color instead of a border
- [ ] Find/replace keyboard shortcut for entire project and for open file
- [ ] Search jump feature, like Ace Jump on IntelliJ
- [ ] Add my live templates: console.logging, creating functions, etc
- [ ] Get Emmet to work
- [ ] Ability to fold markdown links *INVESTIGATE*
- [ ] Navigate through occurrences. In IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+Up or down arrow
- [ ] Change default split to horizontal [*BLOCKED*](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/33102)
- [ ] Navigate files in Explorer by typing [*BLOCKED*]
(https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/33109)
- [ ] Semantic syntax highlighting [*BLOCKED*](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/585)
- [X] Find why a line is squiggled. On IntelliJ that's CTRL+ENTER
- [X] Rename all occurrences shortcut. In IntelliJ that's SHIFT+F6
- [X] Open GitHub PR in VS Code
- [X] Key combination to open a new line below the line that I'm in the middle of. In IntelliJ that is possible by pressing enter while holding down shift while in the middle of a line
- [X] Split editor with CMD+SHIFT+S
- [X] Move line shortcut. On IntelliJ that's OPTION+SHIFT+Arrow keys
- [X] Delete line shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CMD+D
- [X] Duplicate line shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+D
- [X] Split editor shortcut. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+S
- [X] Change default tab size to 2
- [X] Open recent project. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+P. I made it CTRL+P in Code
- [X] Open file. On IntelliJ that's CMD+SHIFT+O. I made it CTRL+O in Code
- [X] Remove open editors tree from Explorer
- [X] Jump between Explorer and editor keyboard shortcuts
- [X] Create a file or folder in the same path as the currently open file
- [X] Rename the currently open file
- [X] "Go to Definition" with CMD+B
- [X] Navigate cursor history. On IntelliJ, CMD+ALT+Back and forward keys are used for that
